the Spanish basketball team gave the kick-off to their
preparation for the next eurobasket
the fifteen players chosen by sergio scariolo
will play eight friendlies during the month of August in several cities
Spanish
the coach assessed the difficulty that they are going against the combined
national
in the Lithuanian event where he needs to reach the final to achieve the classification
for london 2012
nativity scene the nocao on the one hand and the
and the fact of being a qualifier for games
get the influx of players in Deraa and the players themselves
Europeans of the highest level
it will be maximum
beyond any record one of the last two last editions as well
what
between the competition will be very large
up to six players see me are part of the selection
included obasohan last year he missed the turkey world cup
it's a month in new bonuses match by rest
there is no 100 s declares
for 7
not but only if you get further moon but towards the postseason it has been
and now it has opportunities to rest from courage and face this
common challenge as are the energies
the lockout of the North American league
adds a bit of uncertainty to the future of several team members
They do not know when conflict will end
is the case of marc gasol quietud and fernández as a player of the dallas
mavericks
I think it's a bit
aside not so touch you're a bit with the little eye looking at us but
Now quiet, I'm lucky to be in the national team
of power
disconnect this topic a bit and
with starting to train
why not
it is not all
only in the last three years and the impotence to think about
the moment and
even with his work he did not know
studio 2008
another that is affected by the effective knockout
who is celebrating his fourth summer defending the shirt of the Spanish national team
with much desire
European union that will be very difficult that can give us a pass to possess
spikes and that
We really want to do it well
the eurobasket will start on August 31 and the Spanish national team will defend the
title obtained two years ago in poland